the boom doctor was managed there this is
probably turn snid yeah yeah
this is again the only way to
handle this need
it's pretty years for the only one
best way is or sylvanas
sylvanas it's boring versus signed
dolce raider wacey manas as he did
no silence it's useless to siphon
put on five sets so he goes out
sylvanas and he chooses to go out
bichon also there is a real choice and
he'll do it he'll do it
it's not bad huh is not bad in
night who start working the
pvd coop
there is more silence for the
drake you see so the drake is a very
good option at this turn there and behind the
drake
they hesitate the cap
well, it's either the author but
the hotel the carpet that makes it is done
open by snildal shredder you see
the hotel weary and it's a little hot it
soul syphon actually is justified because
that he has 2 you see in his hand or
so there is anti they vote yes who
will be destroyed by the drake but the sni
of snit it's really a card that
can overthrow parts she is
extremely random she is very
strong in control versus good control the
worse it's obviously when snid pop
kel'thuzad slats and disgusted because
it resuscitates snit I do not know if you have
already seen
well yeah yeah that's jesus that's it
the legendary if they located on
some usa of his daughters the party and
to finish is precisely what he has when
even very good options with cellou
Yeah yeah
totem who will be able to pose his phlegm falls
of themes that could pose behind
in fact he cpie
there is zone damage in phase life
to their lille idol who is going little
confidential of 1 of hellfire
that's what he's really
providential nature face there are ten
points of damage is what the shaman to
a sufficient bear oh that can be
lethal or so they hesitate at the table and
he's not going to tap is there
and talk about the boom doctor is random
but I'm not even talking about this need
can that can reverse the game so in
one who finds death wing is the title
who finds a blouse these songs the wall
lot the legendary murlocs frankly this
turn it is difficult for me it's
either the wolves or the theme languages ​​of
fire because it happened is that he
may be oil in front for damon
see it a lot in time and what they have
but none of the two nil and
the totem totem tongues of fire have
maybe not the theme nothing at all ok
ok no it's not con it's not stupid
all he wanted to ratu area damage
exactly and the fear of hellfire ah
yeah that's good I see it's
intelligent unfortunately alas alas alas alas
alas alas the legendary talent
ok it's soft and I mean dumb
yeah that's his failure do not go
trigger these mouais but there this pv
still it's less interesting
he's going he'll kill an interesting little
let's see what the snid the way sli dole
trader goes garbage 8 August did it or
so ancient he boot and the wolves
antique he boot totem lou looks to me not
badly and it happened we will call us
let's sleep pose problem an opponent
expectations so much so we'll explain in
made
well that's the duo actually he's going to do
people at 11,11 toussaint that's it and if
he does not have two ex impute a crazy thing
finally
but fortunately he has a flaw of
gerard wey because he goes bgh to mesa
Limoges beats damage but it cost
a lot a lot of cards actually
did you see that yeah and then fucking ah
so what is not a morning for us
say the percentage of chance to have this
combo
m